9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong, you're watching the
China Show. I'm Ivon May with David and
Glass.
>> We are counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Our top
stories today, Asian shares climbing to
[music] a record as AI optimism
overshadowing geopolitical worries
sparked by the US arrest of [music]
Venezuela's president. Oil fluctuating
while precious metals are advancing.
>> Nicholas Maduro now in custody in New
York. But his government remains in
power in Caracas there amid confusion
[music] about what President Trump means
when he says the US is quote running the
country.
>> And China condemning the US move as a
violation [music]
of international law. Madura's capture a
hot topic on Chinese social media with
some calling [music] it a template for
handling tensions with Taiwan.
Welcome to the show. New year, a lot of
stories to get into, new record as it
pertains to Asian equity markets. And
for a moment, you just glance at what's
happening across assets. It doesn't seem
like there's anything going on on the
geopolitical front. We'll get to that in
a moment. But as you can see, tech tech
is trumping, no pun intended, uh, all
the risks out there. Samsung is up four
and a half%. There are idiosyncratic
stories across most of the tech players.
You put everything together, though, you
have a TSMC that's up 3%. You have a
Taiwan market opening up about 2%. We're
called higher on A50 futures. There has
been, of course, a very strong tech bid
going into the new year. Flip the page,
please, and have a look at how we're
doing across the commodity markets.
Where initially we were down in oil,
that's now reversed completely. the
weakness. We're up across West Texas and
Brent. Gold is still catching a bit, but
silver is really where the action
continues to be. Uh really, we flipped
the page on the calendar. Nothing much
has changed as far as that bid is
concerned. FX markets fairly nuanced
here. It initially was more in the haven
side of things. As you can see, dollar
is now on the stronger side against
most. Uh just a reminder of some of the
other stocks we'll be tracking going
into the open today. And we talked about
tech and these are some of the names
we'll be tracking going into the open.
some massive moves in the US session and
as you can see this is something that
we'll continue to track amongst of
course the many other things including
what's taking place still with evidence
we have a story
>> yeah obviously the world was shocked to
see of course this capture of Nicholas
Madura over the weekend of course in
those air strikes uh and we just heard
from President Trump here on Air Force
One just talking about it and really
talking about you know after the fall of
Madura who is going to come next they
mentioned about Mexico they mentioned
about Cuba uh you know obviously that's
where the speculation arises but as you
say Marcus really in some ways shaking
it all off and and and really it had to
come down to what we saw in that China
tech story on Friday. It it really was
because for the viewer for our viewers
that might have missed this going into
the new year uh Deepseek had published
>> paper
>> a paper that effectively if you read the
tea leaves you look at what happened
last year that was something that
preempted that deepseek moment same time
last year. So markets are moving along
those same lines. Uh but yeah, I mean
we're balancing those two big stories
right now. And I think what was
interesting to coming out of I think
what is still ongoing on on Air Force
One was I think President Trump was
asked whether or not he would they would
consider doing it again
>> um military action in in Venezuela and
he said on the ground and he said if
they misbehave
>> if they can't rule out a second sort of
uh air strike there certainly that is
one thing that he mentioned also um
talking about you know when it comes to
sending troops to Mexico right he's had
conversations with uh the leader there
um and So certainly there's a lot of
questions about this sort of unilateral
strategy that the US has employed and
what this means and what the
consequences are going to be for this
part of the world. Uh let's get to our
top story now. Venezuela remains that
key focus after we heard from not just
Trump but also the US Secretary of State
Marco Rubio saying that Washington would
use its oil leverage to force further
change. until the US swooped into
Venezuela over the weekend, seizing
President Nicholas Maduro and flying him
to New York to face drug and weapons
charges.
>> There's a quarantine right now in which
sanctioned oil shipments. There's a boat
and that boat is under US sanctions. We
go get a court order, we will seize it.
that remains in place and that's a
tremendous amount of leverage that will
continue to be in place until we see
changes that not just further the
national interest of the United States
which is number one but also that lead
to a better future for the people of
Venezuela
>> and let's bring in our team our Latin
America executive editor Kitten Harrison
joins us from Mexico City and also with
us out of Brena Iris is our Bloomberg
economics Latin America geoeconomics
analyst Himea Zuniga kitten let me start
with you we do have the benefit of at
least being a few hours divorced from
the initial uh initial news. We have
more context now. Kraton, get us up to
speed on some big picture context. What
is the US trying to do here?
>> That's a big question to start off with.
And yes, we have more context, but maybe
not everything. Um, you know, what Trump
and and Rubio have both said is that um,
you know, with this arrangement, they
now have the opportunity to have more of
a formal relationship with Venezuela and
indeed to get involved more directly in
the oil industry. Of course, Chevron is
already there and has been there for a
long time. But Trump seems to believe
that there's ways to sort of revamp the
infrastructure in Venezuela, get more
oil flowing from Venezuela, and that uh
sort of hits all sorts of goals for him,
including uh you know, keeping oil
prices low um and extending the
influence of the US in the region.
Venezuela is probably the the most
hostile of the major countries uh in in
South America to US interests. Um so if
he can get them more aligned with US
interest that's uh that's that's better
for the US in his view.
>> He maybe join in on this on you know
everyone's kind of wondering the motive
behind why the US you know did this and
certainly drugs is certainly one thing
oil reserves is certainly one thing.
What does this tell us about also the US
and trying to extend their influence in
the western hemisphere and really
countering the likes of China there too?
>> Thank you Ivon. I think that's a lot of
it. We uh heard recently from the White
House on what the national security
strategy is and u that highlights very
clearly that the um US views the western
hemisphere as its sphere of influence
and it can hardly claim to be a global
hegeimon if it's not able to assert its
leadership in its own hemisphere. And so
part of what the US is doing is
precisely that sending a strong signal
that um they are calling the shots in in
the region.
Humana David here we're now faced with
uh a a a series of scenarios let's put
it that way from you know worst case for
the world best case for closer
stakeholders. What currently is is your
base case right now? What happens from
here?
I think there's a very distinct
possibility that there is a solid uh
even if messy transition to uh a
democratic stable market friendly and
pro-western government in Venezuela.
It's a hopeful um outlook and a lot has
still to happen and a lot could go
wrong. But I think that there's a solid
shot and a lot more solid after the
weekend's developments than it was
before. Um why? because I think that uh
with Maduro out it has um delivered a
serious injury to the regime that until
Friday had displayed a lot of
cohesiveness and seemed unbreakable. Uh
Maduro until uh Saturday had uh assumed
wrongly that the US uh would probably
not go this far. And the fact that this
happened to Maduro means that for the
other leaders now in the regime uh they
know that it can happen to them as well.
And this is I think what uh we learned
from Secretary of State Marco Rubio uh
in his um remarks today um is what the
US is after when uh Trump says that they
are running the country. They feel that
not only because of the oil blockade,
but also because of the very credible
threat now that this can happen to
another Tavista leader. Um they are more
uh capable of exercising very clear
leverage over the regime to dictate the
terms of what should happen next and to
uh in the hopeful scenario uh dictate
those terms in such a way that they pave
the way for a democratic transition.
Kraton, can you tell some about the
international response? We've heard from
the likes of China that has strongly
condemned this seizure. Uh how are other
countries reacting to this takeover and
how do even Venezuelans take it?
>> Yeah, you can you can lump it into a
couple of groups internationally. You've
got u the the countries that are very
closely aligned or sort of you know at
least a little bit ideologically aligned
with uh the the leftist uh you know kind
of socialistleaning government of
Venezuela pretty universally uh said
that um this was a bad move by the US
that it violates all sort of
international laws and uh indeed the UN
security council is going to be meeting
on this tomorrow so still a long way to
go there. There are a bunch of allies in
uh the western hemisphere and more and
more all the time uh given some recent
elections that come out and and praised
this move and said that Maduro was
somebody who had to go um and had
committed a bunch of international human
rights violations on on his own. So, uh
definitely two ways to look at it, but
it's been very polarized in terms of
reaction. Uh for for Venezuelans
themselves within Venezuela, you are not
seeing a lot of celebration. We're
seeing images of celebration right now
because that's all over the world,
right? There's a lot of Venezuelans who
left. Um probably at least a fifth of
the population, I think is the latest
count, has left over the course of the
uh Chavista regime of the last 20 years.
So, um you've got a lot of people all
over the world who have feelings about
the current uh government and uh and
poured out into the streets in various
places like Madrid and um Miami uh to to
show their uh their happiness that
Maduro was gone.
Kraton, thank you. Kraton Harrison
there, Latin America executive editor.
Also, Gemma Zuniga there from Luber
Economics. Thank you so much for your
coverage here the last few hours.
Certainly, we want to recap what we've
been hearing on Air Force One and
President Trump has been speaking for
the past couple of minutes and uh you
know, it seems like he continues to, you
know, be asked questions about uh where
where to next, where does the US have
its eyes on after of course the fall of
Madura. Uh he's now talking about Cuba
looks ready to fall. Cuba is going down.
Don't need any US action there. Also
talking about Greenland as well. Uh
saying that we need Greenland for
national security. Uh and the EU knows
we need to have Greenland as well. Um
some remarks about China too, Dave,
saying that he is still planning to go
to China in April to meet with President
Xi. That was something that was
announced of course but you know given
this situation in Venezuela you got to
wonder how is this going to affect some
of the big oil buyers like China of
course they too are a big global ally uh
when it comes to Karacas there. So
certainly there's going to be a lot of
implications geopolitically uh here
moving forward and what this means for
the USChina relationship as well. Yeah,
it's context is key here because it this
is a President Trump is speaking with
press and I imagine he is taking
specific questions on those topics. Um,
and it's perhaps it's not as if he's
just going through a list of things that
are likely to fall, which I think is
good context there, but it it it
certainly does beg the conversation in
terms of is the US doing a lot more
deliberately, a lot more conscious
efforts to really increase its sphere of
influence in its neighborhood. Let's use
it as a starting point. Alexander Gray
uh is with us out of Washington. He's
non-resident senior fellow at the
Atlantic Council Geost Strategy
Initiative. He previously served as a
chief of staff of the White House
National Security Council from 2019 to
2021. A pleasure to have you on the
program and good morning from the Asia
Pacific, sir.
>> Where? Let me start very very simple.
Where where to next here?
>> Well, I think you have to look at this
as the old US concept of hemispheric
defense. The president laid this out in
his national security strategy a couple
weeks ago. This is what was traditional
US foreign policy for most of our
history. Thinking about the hemisphere
very broadly. I always say it's the
Aleutian Islands to Greenland and the
North Pole to the South Pole and
everything in between. And those are the
core interests of the United States. And
I think the president is taking us to
that type of mental map where he's going
to be looking at what his national
security strategy called the Trump
correlary to the Monroe Doctrine. This
means that if you're an extra
hemispheric power like China, Russia or
Iran and you are actively engaged in
what is seen as destabilizing behavior
in the hemisphere, uh that is going to
be a key national security threat. And
if you're a regime like the former
Madura regime or Cuba or Nicaragua and
you are working actively with those
extra hemispheric powers, you're going
to be seen as an American adversary. And
I think that's the mental framework that
people need to understand. the president
and his team are bringing to this
>> and do we need to talk about whether the
methodists are actually legal or not? Is
that is that a side point here in terms
of what the intentions are? Uh because
as you know there have been some
criticisms that have come through uh
from the international community that
the US has violated sovereign law here.
Well, I think on the case of Nicholas
Maduro, both Joe Biden and Donald Trump
in both his terms did not acknowledge
that Nicholas Maduro was the legitimate
leader of Venezuela. I think Nicholas
Maduro uh he was a narot trafficker. He
was indicted under Joe Biden's
presidency for narot trafficking and he
deliberately ignored the will of the
Venezuelan people in free and fair
elections. uh Maria Karina Machado is
the elected leader of the people of
Venezuela, not Nicholas Maduro. So I
think the question of international law
here uh [clears throat] is totally
unrelated to what the facts on the
ground.
>> Does it have negative consequences
though, Alexander? I wonder because you
already see the likes of social media
talking about, you know, this sort of
takeover, unilateral takeover by force
is just creating a template for for
China to invade Taiwan, for example.
Obviously, that's just speculation at
this point, but is there negative
consequences here that any sort of big
power can do something like this?
>> Well, I view it uh actually from the
opposite perspective. We saw that Russia
already behaved this way four years ago
in its invasion of Ukraine. Uh China has
been acting this way for a long time in
terms of talking about potentially
conquering Taiwan as a policy option. I
think what this does is actually help
restore deterrence globally. And we talk
about the the US-led liberal order and
the international order post World War
II. Well, all of those things are
predicated on not conquering territory
through the use of force. What President
Trump is saying here is there's an
illegitimate [clears throat] leader in
Nicholas Maduro. The US acted
appropriately for our security interests
and in
push for the rule of law. And I think it
sends a powerful deterrent signal to
international state regimes like the
Chinese, the Russians, the North
Koreans, the Iranians that the United
States will not tolerate trying to
trample that international order.
>> The defense secretary Pete Hex mentioned
as well that you know this US
intervention in Venezuela is the exact
opposite of what the US did with Iraq.
Um what can we do? What lessons can we
learn from some of the past failures of
some of these western interventions in
the Middle East and how can we apply
that to Venezuela?
>> Well, I think that the key thing is
nation building is not the interest of
the United States and to have the United
States with some sort of coalition
provisional authority dictating you know
factional politics and Kacus and trying
to to shape values and institutions in
Venezuela. First, Venezuela is not Iraq
and Afghanistan. It's got a very
different history. It's got a very
different uh inst set of institutions.
The Shahista regime and Maduro and his
predecessor certainly did a lot of
damage, but there's a long history of
vibrant democracy in Venezuela. So,
there's certainly no need from an Iraq
or Afghanistan perspective for US boots
on the ground to try and build these
institutions. These institutions were
destroyed 25 years ago. they're still
relatively uh in modern history, they're
still there and functioning. So I think
it's not a far reach for Venezuela to
develop back into a very capable uh
well-instituted democracy. Secondly, you
know, when the president talked about
how, you know, the United States was
going to run Venezuela, the way I looked
at it was the president was saying, you
know, we cannot be indifferent to the
fate of Venezuela. Not that we want to
go in and we want to have again a
coalition provisional authority like
Iraq in 2003, but we want to have some
interest in what comes after Maduro. Uh
it would be totally out of our interests
to allow another strong man who was
aligned with Russia, China, Cuba, and
Iran to take power in. That would make
this whole exercise pointless. And I
think that's what the president's
thinking about.
Um Alexander maybe the the the news gods
have reigned in us because quite timely
we are just getting a comment coming
through from the acting acting
Venezuelan president here uh who is
inviting the US government to work
together. That's so far what we've seen
so far as far as a statement goes to
your point there that this will need a
multi-pronged approach to keep the
region keep the region stable. Uh
convince the naysayers out there Alex
that this wasn't simply an oil grab.
Well, look, the oil in Venezuela, as you
guys know, the oil industry was
destroyed by the Shabista regime over
the last 25 years. Pedisa, the state-run
oil company, was one of the most
competent oil entities in the
hemisphere, if not the world. And it's
been absolutely destroyed. Um, it's
going to take decades of Western and uh
European American expertise to go in
there and to revive that industry so it
can benefit the Venezuelan people. Um,
the United States has the greatest uh
energy wealth in the in the world in the
history of the world underneath our feet
and President Trump in his two terms has
unleashed that energy. I don't the
United States is not going into
Venezuela for oil. The United States as
a process of helping the country rebuild
and move on to its a better future. I
think the US should bring our energy
industry expertise. But that is not the
strategic rationale that President Trump
uh I think brought us to this point.
>> Um the president and and and and you
know Secretary Rubio has also talked
about Cuba, Greenland. These are some of
the the countries that you know they're
sending their warning shots. Now I'm
just wondering in in your eyes there,
Alexander, who who should who is going
to be following or who should be on on
on our radar next?
>> Well, I would think about it this way. I
would think about, you know, a couple
weeks ago, China was openly talking
about doing war games with the People's
Liberation Army doing war games in the
Western Hemisphere that they were they
were simulating combat in the Gulf of
America and off the coast of Mexico. A
couple weeks ago, China released it
Latin America strategy that basically
says the United States doesn't have a
special interest in the hemisphere. Um,
I think what we should be watching is
how does the United States under this
post-maduro situation think about
regimes like Cuba and like Nicaragua,
uh, maybe even Colombia that are
actively working with American
adversaries like China, Russia, and
Iran. Um that is again the Trump
corollary to the Monroe Doctrine that
was laid out in the president's recent
national security strategy makes clear
that is a priority for the United States
to prevent malign influence from great
power competitors like China, Russia and
Iran in the hemisphere. And you look at
the regimes I just mentioned Bogaka,
Karacus or Bogota Havana and Managua.
Those are regimes that have been
actively working with our great power
adversaries. I would look at what
choices get made in the next couple of
weeks to see where the president and his
adviserss might be looking.
>> Alexander, thank you. Alexander be great
there. Non-resident senior fellow at
Atlantic Council Geost Strategy
Initiative joining us there. Thank you
so much for your time. Now, yeah, we
were just talking about China. Beijing
has called for Nicholas Maduro's
release. And speaking on Sunday to his
Pakistani counterpart, Chinese foreign
minister Wong Yi said, "No country can
act as the world's policeman or claim to
be an international judge." Let's bring
in our China correspondent Mim Lo on the
response that we've heard from Beijing
so far. Mman,
>> yes. So, China has joined a chorus of
other voices that are friendly to
Venezuela, including Brazil, Mexico,
Cuba, Russia to denounce the attack, and
as you said, uh asking for the US to
release President Maduro and his wife
and to keep them safe. They have
expressed concern over this forcible
sort of extraction and deportation of
two leaders of a sovereign nation to the
US. Uh and also called on the US to stop
any attempts to overthrow the Venezuelan
government. And of course, China also
said they were deeply shocked because
this the strikes came just hours after a
high level Chinese delegation was
meeting with President Maduro. We know
that China has been spending decades to
build up those relations and especially
in the last few months when there was
you know heightening pressure from the
US and especially after the US had
seized those those tankers. China of
course has a lot of stakes uh in
Venezuela because they are not only the
biggest oil buyer from Venezuela. They
also the biggest creditor as well. They
have spent about tens of billions of
dollars in oilbacked loans to fund
infrastructure projects, energy
projects. And so if the US comes in and
runs this country now and brings in
American oil company to take over the
key strategic assets, obviously China's
interest would also be compromised. One
of our top read stories today, Minmmin,
is how this this the this question is
playing out in ch across Chinese social
media.
>> Yeah. So over the weekend, it's been
heavily discussed in Chinese social
media and there are direct comparisons
being drawn between what's happening in
Venezuela and what could potentially
happen in Taiwan because you think about
the messaging that this is sending. If
the US is saying South America is its
backyard, it can do whatever it wants
there. The message it's sending to
President Putin and Presidency is that
they can also do whatever they want in
what they feel is their spheres of
influence, right? And China certainly
views Taiwan as a part of its uh
sovereign territory as well. And so you
can see on the screen some of the social
media commentators on wave war saying
that since the US doesn't take
international law seriously, why should
we care about this? and it's providing a
blueprint for China to copy, right? To
launch a surprise attack on Taiwan and
to seize Linga as well. But of course,
there are some who are saying that that
may not necessarily be the case because
you got to think about whether the
Chinese military is capable of launching
such an attack, especially given, you
know, all the overhaul the the
anti-corruption push that's going on.
It's also a good opportunity for China
to position as itself as the opposite of
the US, right? to portray itself as this
upholder of the international
rules-based system and an alternative to
the US-led world order.
>> Okay, Minman, thank you so much. Min
Milo, uh, our China correspondent there
with how this is being discussed and
certainly this is a topic we'll get into
a bit further in the shows there. Uh,
whether that's the oil play or the oil
angle or also the geopolitical
conversation taking place on your
screens at those times. Uh, we have more
coming up here of course on on the China
show to get into this. Right. Just going
into the open today about 5 minutes to
the opening bell. First session of the
year sessions of the year when you look
at these markets. So suffice to say
markets are largely ignoring the
Venezuela story for now. And I think
when you when you look at how
>> tech is really the dominant driver
across equity markets right now perhaps
with the exception of China because that
had a re it caught a really strong bid
going into the new year. I think I I
bring it back to two weeks ago when we
were both still together and we were
talking about, you know, there was
fatigue when it comes to the whole AI
story in China, for example, that we
needed fresh catalyst and I think we
found one on Friday. Yeah.
>> When you talk about this this paper that
Deep Seek sent about, you know, possibly
this new model coming up. Are we going
to see fresh momentum being put in the
China tech sector once again? We're
seeing that here already. And I think
this is kind of the the first trading
week that of the year where we are
starting to see people come back to work
and they're really kind of digesting
that news that maybe there is fresh
impulse there for that at a time when
people are talking maybe it's time to
rotate to some of the lagards like India
for example. I think that discussion is
going to continue on for a few weeks I
think.
>> Yeah. May maybe not just yet. Although
we have Rahul Chada coming on as well
who might have of course some
>> overweight in India.
>> Overweight India some of the lagards and
uh I think the question I have maybe for
him is really does India need a bigger
AI representation within that market for
it to be also part of the broader
structural issue. Uh because as you can
see it's still AI really that's playing
out across the markets right now. uh
TSMC Samsung electronics up by a four
and a half or four and a half% lifting
their respective benchmarks uh to the
upside going into the open to the Hen
Henen Tech and within Hench index it's
quo in Alibaba uh with the early moves
to the upside there we go outperforming
still although to a lesser extent
compared to what we're seeing across uh
other markets as well the fix of the day
coming in at the strongest level since
September 30 2024 the fix of the day
coming in well at that point in time in
2024 that was se almost a seven handle
in that. So we'll track this very
closely and as you can see of course in
case you missed the deep sea story and
the yuan story we have broken below
seven.
>> Yeah and I think it's the first time in
in since then that we have seen that fix
actually stronger sub seven as well. So
certainly that's one thing to watch here
as well. Um we'll see what sectors are
watching very closely. The EV sector
obviously is one thing but tech overall
is doing quite well here today. Also
checking the oil story despite the
reversal what we've seen already this
morning on the back of that Venezuela
news. The open is next. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Well, there goes any hopes really
of a slow new start to the [music] year.
Um, we're looking at two two major items
in the on the agenda today for markets.
One is obviously what's taking place,
what took place in Venezuela and how
that morphs [music] and evolves further
in the coming days and weeks. And number
two is this AI rally that's taking place
and that seems to be trumping the former
at least [music] for now. And it's
giving us a reminder that markets while
we have turned the page on the calendar,
it's still the same story [music]
>> and it's still the winners, right? the
the the Koreas, the Taiwans that are
still doing very well, Japan as well
[music] as we track this sort of AI sort
of trade here this morning. We'll see
how HS Tech does here, but Friday was
certainly the standout [music] already.
So, I think people are just coming back
to work after, of course, a long holiday
and really starting to think what a deep
seat 2.0 is going to look like here for
this year and certainly that has given a
little bit more oomph uh to these
markets there. There you go. Your onore
markets are looking like this here as
well, apart from what we're seeing in
crude, right? So uh that was the initial
reaction that we saw for Bren and WTI on
the back of the Venezuelan news. We have
already seen uh the two already reverse
and actually are actually seeing some
gains here right now. So the Venezuela
story seems to be something of as as
Dave mentioned a side issue right now.
You're seeing CSI 300 up 8/10en of 1%.
Quite a strong start. You usually don't
see that much momentum at the get-go
here and you are seeing it is the tech
plays that are catching a bit. Look at
Cameron. We're up 1% here. But even some
of these consumer names like Mada is up
some 2% here this morning. Uh here's
what Hong Kong is looking like of course
on the back of we are seeing some
declines in the pre-market right now in
the get-go. Slightly down. We're about a
fifth of 1%. Uh HStech is coming off of
course and you are seeing Alibaba is
still doing well. We're seeing 1% gains
but 10centent BU maiden Xiaomi all are
falling here this morning. Um the EV
sector is interesting right? We're just
getting some lines here. uh they're
saying that China is to support
consumers in purchasing new energy
vehicles. So, some signs that perhaps
some of those subsidies will be extended
uh into 2026, but we are still seeing
the EV sector uh coming off some of the
initial highs there as well. Uh given
just what HStech did on Friday, maybe we
are just seeing a bit more of that
consolidation here today. But uh what
we're focusing on not just EVs, uh we're
focusing on precious metals, right? when
gold and silver are still doing quite
well in the face of this sort of a
global uncertainty when it comes to
geopolitics. There you go. Shannon gold
mining is up some 1% there as well. Oil
stock certainly is in focus as well just
given the sort of whipsaw we've seen in
oil prices here. So is a bit of a mixed
picture. So you see Brent is now back up
to $61 here. So yeah that that
geopolitical premium that was put in or
seems to be coming a little bit more but
certainly when it comes to the issue of
supplies that still is going to be the
key question a question mark uh once we
talk about what this means for oil flows
here this takeover by the US on
Venezuela so uh we're seeing Petrochina
is down actually some 4% is also down
some 3% as well
>> yeah well I I have four numbers on the
oil story and I'm just going to quote
our colleagues at Bloomberg economics on
this right so 2 and a half million was
about the output of Venezuela before the
implosion in the mid-200s. We're
currently at about 900,000 a day. Uh so
the difference is about 1 and a half
million in terms of that potential uh
supply that could come online. And when
you put all things together, it's
negative 4% on oil prices is what
they're penciling in. A lot of course
has to go between now and that point in
time. A lot of money, a lot of
resources, a lot of ifs if if you will.
Uh joining us now to talk about the
markets implications of all of this if
any and other themes. Joining us from
New York is Rahul Chada, founder and CIO
of Shikara Investment Management. Rahul,
happy new year to you, sir. Thank you
for joining us. Apart from what we're
seeing in oil and gold in the equity
complex, markets don't seem to be
threatened too much about about this for
now. Are markets correct not to care?
>> Um, absolutely, David. We've seen it in
the past. We saw it happen a similar
kind of a conflict in Gaza in recent
times. Prior to that was what happened
in Ukraine. And as long as these
conflict remain localized, I think
markets are going to look beyond that.
What is happening for markets is earning
revisions are very strong. Um there was
bit of a tightness of liquidity which
happened in November December but Fed's
being fairly agile and I think this uh
$40 billion QE which Fed did about a
month back I think is encouraging for
markets.
>> Okay. Uh in terms of the backdrop for
equities then what's the strategy now?
It seems like AI still has some juice
behind it here particularly in this part
of the world.
>> Absolutely. Warning. I think for first 6
months probably um market is still kind
of a focus on these AI enablers the
infrastructure providers we've seen a
big squeeze uh in terms of memory prices
because of the shortage here. Uh but I
think uh what happens is as uh kind of
an these names uh go higher they make in
lot of optimism. So probably over next 6
months we would be looking to book some
gains here. And uh move on to AI
adopters. I think the these are
companies which are techsavvy um largely
in the consumer internet space. They've
kind of an underperformed last 12 months
and there's decent value here. So, so I
think write these AI infrastructure
plays for next 3 to 6 months but at
every 20 25% higher book some gains and
move to the adopters of AI uh which is
where the bigger market caps are going
to be created.
>> Talk to us more about the adopters of AI
like which markets which themes which
sectors uh might those be in? Who are
the who who are the future winners?
>> Yeah. So David almost everywhere. So you
look at consumer internet you've got the
likes of Tencent Baba um they going to
win over there you've got the Chinese
healthcare companies which are going to
use that the innovative farmer where
it's happening um I think India is going
to be the dark house over there so when
you talk to Indian companies a lot of
them talk about how they're using AI in
terms of improving their productivity um
working on the logistics front on the
sales management on the
hyperpersonalization as these companies
come and talk about it in the coming
quarters show the gains which are
happening in terms of the consumer
engagement matrix etc. That's where the
exact is going to come. So I think I
think uh the gains are going to be lot
more broad-based. It's going to be the
category disruptors across key economies
and that's where China, India, parts of
AANA stand out.
>> Is that why you mentioned the India
adoption story? Is that part of the
reason why you're you're overweight in
India this year? I mean, you know, are
we likely to see what looks to could be
a rerating of this market in 2026?
>> So, India for us is where China was in
mid of 2024. Almost everybody was
dismissive. I mean, everybody was
negative. U people government was doing
its fair bit uh in the second half of 24
where market participants were not
taking cognizance of that. A similar
thing is happening in India in 25.
You've got the GST rationalization. Then
you've got the labor reforms. I think um
the the foreigners most market
participants are still looking at the
India US trade deals. The headline
tariffs are still high at uh 50%. Our
view is that you will find some
resolution to that in the coming months
and economies improved. So you've got
earnings revisions which are turning
positive uh from October, November
onwards. As this recovery builds on
itself, I think people are going to be
excited about India. And look, we've got
to understand that we are in a slow
growth world. AI disruption is one of
most economies and that's where India
would kind of a stand out from a
reasonably um I would say decent nominal
GDP growth of 8 to 10%.
Rahul this on the India note does India
regulators or the exchange do they need
to do a lot more actively to attract and
really make that market a lot more AI
representative really uh because I I I
completely get the India structural
story that's there the earning story is
there the demographics are there but you
don't want to be the market that gets
the benefit just because it's the one
that's underperformed recently
>> so I think what What's happened is David
right now market's very obsessed with
the um AI key beneficiaries and when
market talks about beneficiaries it's
still focused on um again the AI I would
say enablers and that's where some
something like Taiwan's done well that's
where Korea has done well where memory
plays out but once the market gets over
that because look at the end of the day
as market realizes that look there is
about 2.9 trillion of capex which is
needed for these AI spends over next 3
years um the the the hyperscalers can
only fund half of it that the half of it
has to come from private credit market
and which is where there going to be
some questions raised because of high
cost of debt etc. As market gets more
skeptical about these AI spends
realizing that uh some of these spends
may be backended and the fact that the
space is overowned I think the market is
going to rotate out to other parts of of
economies countries sectors etc where
you seeing earnings inflicting for
better and I think that's where India
would come and at the same time our view
is the narrative is going to move to air
adopters people are going to be very
excited see we saw that in the tens
earnings in the last quarter where they
talked about how um again use of AI has
led to higher engagement, profit margins
going up. So I think that's going to be
the common narrative in the in the
coming earning calls across the region
>> and yet you're still keeping overweight
on Korea. You with within the the hypers
skills and the like rul it's interesting
right we saw what 70% gains last year
for this market. It was certainly the
the best market in the region. How
should I look at Korea this year and
what's really going to drive the next
upside?
>> Yeah. So what when we started the year
we were around 15 16% for Korea and as
we saw uh kind of an not the worst or
reasonable outcomes on the trade
negotiations and the trade war in April
May we increased our exposure to Korea
so Korea exposure was anywhere between
20 to 25%. Obviously you had the AI
infrastructure place the Samsung highix
which benefited but I think the biggest
story in Korea is this whole uh
re-industrialization which is happening
across the world. Um so Korea is the
biggest beneficiary of this revival of
industrial cycle whether it's the US
Europe the increasing defense spends
which are going to happen because of
what we saw over the weekend and which
is where we like the market. So again,
Korea despite the rerating it's had in
20 in 2025 is is still trading at 10
times earnings which is 20 years average
valuation. So continue to like the
market. Governance is improving at the
margin. Payout ratios are improving and
I think we've just seen the beginning of
industrial cycles. So for us the world
is like 1950s. You will have lot of
noise coming at you. You'll you'll
almost miss a heartbeat here and there.
But look this is this is a positive
race. This is the race to the moon which
happened in the 1950s and something
which we talked in the previous decade
of secular stagnation that's going to be
behind us because a lot of these
countries India, Europe, US regions etc.
are going to be focused on region
national building whereas China is going
to cut back on the investment spends and
focus on consumption and I think that's
something under appreciated from China.
If you look at the recent sound bites
which are coming from governments, those
are towards um kind of an increasing
consumption which is a healthy
rebalancing for the economy.
>> Rahul, happy new year. Thanks for
joining us there and kicking off the new
year with us. Rahul Cha there, founder
and CIO of Shakara Investment. And more
of course on our top story now and
President Trump says the US will need
total access to Venezuelan oil to
rebuild the country. He was speaking to
reporters aboard Air Force One a little
bit earlier on.
We need total access. We need access to
the oil and to other things in their
country that allow us to rebuild their
country.
>> Now, this company OPEC plus is sticking
with plans to pause crude supply
increases in the first quarter. Let's
get to our oil trade reporter. Runway
joins us now from Singapore. Runway,
it's it's great to have you. I mean,
it's interesting the the reaction that
we've seen in oil prices. Initially, a
dip lower and then now we basically
reversed all the losses here right now.
How do you think traders are right now
interpreting the news when it comes to
Venezuela?
>> Right. The swing in prices that we've
seen this morning is the best indication
of how the market actually feels about
this latest escalation. it teeters
between um supply risks as well as uh
this potential outlook for even more
surplus coming onto the market. Um so a
few key facts I'll have to lay out uh is
that Venezuela is home to the largest uh
below ground oil reserves. uh even
though it is a OPEC producer right now
it's currently producing um less than 1%
of the world's output uh making it not a
very strong contender in terms of uh
producers that the traders are watching
in the global oil markets and its key
customers of course are US and China u
so the uh swinging prices in the morning
is pretty much a testament of how
traders are trying to digest this piece
of news uh there are concerns of supply
risk especially to countries like China.
Although uh a huge barrage of oil on
tankers floating outside of Asian waters
could uh be seen as a near-term uh sort
of like a cushion against any sort of
near-term supply risks and this is
expected to maybe last for the next one
to two months. At the same time with the
US looking to go all in into Venezuelan
oil industry, some traders are a bit
more optimistic which explains uh the
changes in prices today.
>> Yeah. And we're we're we're treating
this almost like a light switch
>> that you know you know for for Venezuela
to go from just under a million to back
to what let's say call it 2 and a half
million that's a lot of time money and
resources that needs to happen. What are
the risks out there that that doesn't
become uh the basin area moving forward?
>> Right. So, um, by pouring investments
into Venezuelan's oil industry, uh, it
is a huge undertaking because you it'll
probably take many years and of course,
as President Trump said earlier, a lot
of investments to kind of offset, um,
the lack of progress that the Venezuelan
oil industry has been facing in the past
couple of years. uh ever since uh
initially when the US sanctioned
Venezuela and uh metered out tariffs uh
which kind of constrained uh its
economic growth especially in the oil
sector. A lot of people are optimistic
because um Venezuela is one of the few
places with a huge oil reserves. But we
do have to note that a lot of the oil
coming out from Venezuela, it's your
heavier, sludgier types, which means
that it use cases are a bit more
limited. One reason why China is such a
huge customer of Venezuelan crude right
now is because it's cheap. It is a
sanctioned grade that is avoided by most
buyers in the world and it is uh
commonly used to produce uh it has a
specific use case in China which is to
produce betumin. So that's kind of like
an established trade flows but uh a lot
of market watchers are concerned uh that
once investments pour in there is more
US presence in Venezuela. uh perhaps
sanctions will be lifted and uh
Venezuela will be seen as a legitimate
producers and then again uh Venezuela
will be seen differently in the global
dynamics uh where one of its priced I
would say advantage for its heaviest
larger crude right now is a is heavily
discounted to buyers like China which
are willing to forgo international
sanctions
>> wrongway you know thank you so much our
oil trading reporter uh in fact just
ahead here we'll go we'll go into the
oil conversation even further Further uh
in the next hour with Mukesh Sadv of
course we expect muted price action in
the sector which is exactly what we're
getting as I speak. Plenty more ahead.
This is the [music] China show.
[music]
Right. Uh commodity markets. We talked
about oil. Just a quick mention that
it's still in the precious metal space
where arguably the same forces from last
year. And then you add to that the
events in Venezuela uh over the weekend
adding further fuel to the precious
metals fire. We're up 6% as far as
silver goes on base metals. The story
currently is when you look at aluminum
for example we have topped 3,000 for the
very first time since 2022. That seems
to be a supply story separately. We'll
get into all that a bit later on. But
yes, geopol.
Yeah, apart from the Venezuela story
which is somewhat, you know, of course
we got to extend the conversation too,
uh, is what we're seeing between South
Korea and China, right? So, South Korean
President Li Muan has arrived in Beijing
for his first trip to China since taking
office and he is set to meet President
Xi on Monday in a bid to steady ties
with a key economic partner. Also on the
agenda are trade and security issues,
including North Korea's latest ballistic
missile launch and tensions over Taiwan.
Yeah, Bloomberg economics thinks that
the markets will be watching how Beijing
and still manage these flash points that
inflate the one's geopolitical risk
premium without provoking the United
States. For more on this, our senior
geoeconomics analyst Adam Ferrar joins
us out of Washington. It's a fine
balance as most things are, Adam, but
just help us understand the nuance here.
>> So, uh, great to be on and and good to
be able to bring some attention to this
story on a day where I think a lot of
folks are focused elsewhere in Latin
America. The reality here is that Ejim
Young is now facing his second biggest
test since he took office last summer.
You know, the first being trying to deal
with the the trade the trade issues with
the United States and and reach a trade
agreement which he was able to do. And
now it's really looking at how to
address the growing trade deficit with
China and moreover the broader
relationship with Beijing as he tries to
marry and balance that issue between
him, the Chinese and Washington. Uh as
you as you brought up, I think what we
expect him to do is really push the
economic agenda. He's bringing over 200
business leaders with him, including the
head of the biggest Korean
conglomerates, including LG, Samsung
Electronics, and SK. He's trying to push
Beijing to open up and broaden access
for Korean firms back into the tech
sector in China and try and address this
growing trade imbalance that has emerged
since 2023 as China's sought to increase
its self-sufficiency reducing imports of
Korean uh intermediate goods like
semiconductors and at the same time
Korean firms are also importing more and
more Chinese key materials for things
like batteries. All of that is in the
context of all of this geopolitical
tension we're seeing not only in between
in in between South Korea and North
Korea, but really looking at Taiwan, the
West [clears throat] Sea or or the
Yellow Sea uh as as China refers to it
in between China and South Korea and of
course, you know, broader issues about
the United States. So, it's a really
tough balancing act for Jim Young today.
>> Yeah. What's a realistic sort of outcome
then that could be in some ways a a win
for Korea given the fact that it is a US
ally and I'm sure Washington is watching
this meeting very closely too. So we
certainly expect Washington to be
looking at what comes out of these
engagements particularly in terms of how
Korea plans to engage on on the most key
advanced technologies like semiconductor
trade and other issues that have come
under extreme pressure from the United
States in the past and even during this
administration in relation to export
controls and limiting China's ability to
grow its own tech advantage. I think
there's real questions as to what she
would really be willing to put on the
table. I think there's no doubt we'll
see some reference to a more secure
supply of critical minerals and rare
earths which are as essential to Korea
as they are many other countries around
the world in terms of their tech
production. But also there's there's
some positive signs that we may see
Beijing start to open up the the the
market of China to Korean cultural
products, something that has been
basically all but banned since 2017 and
has the potential to be worth billions
of dollars to the Korean entertainment
and tourism industry. But there really
it is unclear right now as to what
really would constitute a win for Ejim
Young.
>> Yeah. Uh and I think uh they they also
talked about the fact that this sort of
informal ban that China has on on K-pop
as you mentioned uh is still might take
some time to be lifted as well. Um when
it comes to the security issues
obviously you know Li is looking maybe
for for China to to try to ease some of
the regional tensions particularly when
it comes to North Korea. How does the
situation in Venezuela impact that in
any way? I mean, does it in any way, you
know, limit the the impact or at least
increase the risk of of the the the
nuclear efforts from from Pyongyang in
some ways?
>> I think right now we're not going to see
any direct implications of the US
actions in Venezuela on the North Korea,
South Korea situation and and moreover,
China's relationship with either of
them. There's no doubt that it will suck
up a lot of air in the room. Um, and
there's a real possibility that, you
know, we see X sheen and and EJ comment
on it, but overall the issue in North
Korea is just completely separate and
and the nuclear denuclearization
question will remain front of mind for
EJ Mang. So, we're hoping that he uh we
expect him to continue to push that
issue.
>> All right, Adam, thank you. Adam
Farther, our senior geoeconomics analyst
from Blubber Economics is joining us
here right now. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> A new year, a new record. Asian stocks
at a record. Emerging markets in the
last few minutes have surpassed the
recent top and are now also trading at a
fresh high. More on the market rally
coming your way in the next hour of the
China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. And yeah, we thought we were
going to start off the day talking a lot
about Venezuela, but I think markets
right now, you could safe to say they're
taking in stride here right now. Even
oil traders are basically reversing the
initial losses when it came to on that
news and we really are seeing new year
but maybe the same playbook when it
comes to AI. Yeah, in fact this next
board when you look at the the big tech
place across the region and hence why
you probably saw some of the red
headlines across EM benchmark record
high Asia-Pacific
uh record high and you know this is
really telling us hey you know what
there's a market rally that we need to
be talking about apart from obviously
what's happening in Venezuela in fact
the benchmarks along this note are also
getting some lift there Taiwan you have
the Nickeloby and we mentioned Asia
Pacific is now has also surpassed its
recent high uh we're now trading at
record highs there on the MCI Asia
Pacific. Now how the Venezuela story is
playing out in still in some ways when
you look at oil, gold and specifically
this is something we got to get used to
defense talks right as we try and
ascertain two different spheres of
influence and how it affects government
spending and policy and geopolitics and
risk premium. It's perhaps these group
of stocks that will perhaps gain uh the
most ground.
>> Yeah, that certainly is where the
knee-jerk reaction is here right now.
You take a look at what it means for for
the metals as you talked about, right?
Of course, gold, silver certainly is
still the standout here. We did see that
catching a bid here this morning. There
you go. Spot gold's up about 1 and a.5%
here. Oil markets have basically reverse
some of the initial losses here. We're
seeing Brent now up about well onetenth
of 1% here, but really we're hovering
around 60 to $60 million here. But you
have the likes of Goldman saying that
Venezuela oil output may rise in the
long term. When you talk about them
owning about a fifth of the global oil
reserves but only producing 1% of
output, yes, you do see that latent
capacity out there, but as we've been
talking about, it takes a long a lot to
really get to that point, but yes, they
have left that 2026 oil for price
forecast unchanged at the moment.
Bitcoin is also doing quite well. We're
up 2% aluminum as well here this
morning. Uh let's talk a little more
what it means for for Asia equities and
bring in our reporter Winnie Shu. She's
with us here. Uh it seems like you know
new year same us same same tech rally it
seems
>> yeah exactly really extending that tech
rally through into this year right
because we talked about these
geopolitical risks but seems like
markets are pretty much brushing that
off and as long as there's not much
disruption when it comes to supply chain
it's not really affecting market
sentiment too much and you're seeing
that the focus now is back on tech in
fact you're looking at the record rally
you talked about um MSEI Asia overall,
but we saw that Samsung really pushing
further higher uh today on those earning
expectation and also the CES uh Las
Vegas uh uh conference that that is
really gaining a lot of attention right
now. And also the CEO last week said
that Samsung is back and talking about
how these HBM4 chips are gaining so much
uh customer support. So lots of these
individual factors helping these stocks
and overall Cosby index also reaching
record high. And on the other hand in
Taiwan, you've got TSMC getting a a uh
target price boost of 35% by Goldman
Sachs. Uh they are saying that the AI is
going to be that multi-year growth
engine for the stock. So still a lot of
uh attention there.
>> Yeah, the Samsung story that's
interesting because I think a lot of
people missed that. Well, most people
were off last week, right? The Samsung
saying they're they're probably back.
So, how does it dovtail into obviously
AI still a big theme and the Korea and
the 5,000 target there? What do we know
about that?
>> Yeah, exactly. Those are really the key
themes that we're watching for this year
specifically. When it comes to the AI
theme, um it's interesting because for
Asia AI specifically, on one hand,
you've got investors saying that if you
want tech exposure, uh Asia is a very uh
cheap way to play it, but on the other
hand, you've got like these
concentration risks um increasing for
Asia chip stocks. So if there is a
pullback when it comes to US tech names
um stocks in Taiwan, Japan, South Korea
are most likely to get it affected. But
on the other hand, you've also got that
optimism when it comes to the China AI
play because of the self-sufficiency
theme, right? Because you saw all these
uh China IPOs with these uh chip makers
really uh boosting the optimism around
this area. So a bit of a a kind of an
interesting area that we're watching.
But when it comes to the Cosby 5000
target, we're talking about record highs
extending after up um 76% or so last
year already. And now I think it's
around 4,400.
So just about 10 plus% away from hitting
that high. Yes, that's the AI optimism,
but also we're watching how the
government continues to push for
corporate governance.
>> Yeah, that 5,000 target seemed to be
kind of a long shot and now it seems
like we're just 10% away as you say,
Winnie. What what can sway markets at
this point, right? If if this Venezuela
story is not really going to do
anything, what what could we derail it?
>> Yeah. So, we're hearing that attention
now is really still shifting away from
the geopolitical risk, but back to AI,
back to earnings, back to central bank
uh path. And when it comes to central
banks, that's also a key area that would
really affect markets. And obviously, we
have the Fed as the overarching theme.
And now we're expecting about two uh
[laughter] uh two cuts going forward uh
for this year. So that's going to open
up rooms for Asia, some of the Asia
central banks to cut rates, especially
for names like um especially for
countries like Thailand, Malaysia, but
also India likely to still keep that low
interest rate environment. So that's
going to be good for stocks. But on the
other hand, you've get like these other
countries, for example, Japan,
Australia, New Zealand more on the rate
hike path. So that might actually uh be
more about targeting inflation and that
might uh curb some of the upside when it
comes to stocks.
>> Winnie, thank you so much. Winnie Shu
there, our Asia equities reporter. As we
were just talking about, Winnie just
mentioned it too, right? It's going to
be the one of those weeks rare instances
where what happens in Vegas is not going
to stay there.
>> It's not going to stay in Vegas. Tech
will be very much in focus. We're live
of course out of CS in Las Vegas. Catch
our special coverage this week of course
of Bloomberg Tech Asia at the times on
your screens. We have a lot in store of
course we're not going to give away the
secrets of course there. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Let's get you guys an update of uh
our top story of course which is
Venezuela and the acting president says
that that she does invite the US to work
with her country that's after an
American operation to capture uh the
president Nicholas Maduro and that the
US swooped into Karacas over the weekend
seizing Maduro and then flying him to
New York to face drugs and weapons
charges. Uh President Trump earlier said
that the US plans to run the country
with elections due eventually.
Well, we're going to run everything.
We're going to run it. Fix it. We'll
have elections at the right time. But
the main thing you have to fix, it's a
broken country.
>> Let's get to our State Department of
Foreign Policy reporter Eric Martin. He
is in Mexico City for us and has been
working all weekend on this story. Eric,
thank you so much uh for for hanging out
with us here and getting very late
tonight for you. Tell us just bring us
up to speed. We had that conversation
that reporters had on Air Force One
about what the plans are for Venezuela,
where else the US is also looking at
when it comes to the Americas as well
given this whole sphere of influence.
What bring us up to speed. What's the
latest?
>> Sure. So, uh, what we have seen has been
just a remarkable, I would say,
historic, uh, 48 hour period. Of course,
uh this time on Friday night, we still
had not yet seen this uh this raid of
the uh compound of the military base
where Maduro was hiding. Uh was was uh
obviously was living and um trying to
stay away from uh from US and avoid
capture. Um it's been been a whirlwind
48 hours. What we've seen most recently
has been President Trump talking about
uh some of the pressure that the US can
bring to bear on the new acting
president Deli Rodriguez should she not
cooperate with the Trump administration
objectives. But we've also seen in the
last few minutes a message a statement
from Rodriguez saying that she's willing
to cooperate now with the US on a shared
development agenda. This is 180 from
what she had said yesterday immediately
after President Trump's press conference
where she was demanding the return of
Nicolas Maduro. Maduro is set to make
his first appearance in a New York court
tomorrow. Um just really a uh
extraordinary weekend in terms of news
and developments and um so we're looking
at uh you know the very early stages.
This is really just the beginning of the
US involvement in Venezuela, using oil
as a pressure point to influence the
decisions of Deli Rodriguez, the new
acting president and um and trying to
achieve the US objectives and agenda uh
through that leverage through the tanker
seizures and the blockade and quarantine
of Venezuelan oil that we've seen over
the past month.
Eric, let me build on that because to
your point, uh, they have used oil as a
very strong point of leverage, but oil's
also been an objective here. Just help
us understand then what the end
objectives are as far as US oil, this
oil grab, is that an accurate way to
call it?
Well, President Trump has said
repeatedly that Venezuela and its
expropriations of foreign energy company
assets stole assets from US companies.
And of course, we know that foreign
policy uh in this 21st century is going
to be driven globally and great power
competition driven by access to energy,
oil, resources. And so what we're
looking at is President Trump touting
the ability of American and Western oil
companies to come in and spend, in his
words, billions of dollars. He talked
just this afternoon in Florida about oil
companies, in his words, being ready to
come in and spend billions, invest
billions to produce. Of course,
Venezuela is the country in the world
with the world's greatest proven oil
reserves. And the perspective of the
Trump administration, as outlined in
last month's national security strategy,
is that they want to protect the Western
Hemisphere from influence of foreign
powers, that means China, Russia,
others, Iran, and that by achieving this
leadership change in Venezuela to give
the US preeminence over those oil
reserves, over resources in the
hemisphere, and to be able to better
exploit those uh both to the benefit of
American consumers by lowering the price
of oil and to American companies who can
pre be producing with those assets going
forward.
>> Eric, thank you so much. Get some rest
if you can. Eric Martin there in Mexico
City for us on the oil story. Let's
bring in Mukesh Sadv, founder, CEO and
chief oil analyst at Energy Markets
Consultancy XA analysts. Uh good good
morning from Hong Kong sir. Thank thank
you for joining us.
The initial market reaction was slightly
to the downside. That's quickly
reversed. Let's call it flat at the
moment. Does the market reaction make
sense to you?
>> Good morning from Sydney. Uh thanks
Eric. Yes, the market reactions make
perfect sense to me and that's what
we've been calling for. And the simple
reason is Venezuela's oil was going to
only one buyer, China. And from the
middle of 2024
to December, China has already bought
almost 300 million barrels of oil.
That's the amount of oil if US puts in
the SPR it will get to fill from its
current level SPR level of 400. So if
there were many buyers and they don't
get the Venezuelan oil and they have to
go for alternate oil then the oil prices
react. Only one buyer who has already
bought a lot this was expected this was
priced in.
>> What do you think the US meant by
running Venezuela? I mean in in terms of
oil supplies, I mean essentially are
they going to decide who who pumps the
oil for example? I mean in terms of you
know really getting production back I
mean how difficult would would it
actually look?
You asked a very good question and I
think the answer is probably less in the
politics of it but more in the chemistry
of oil. And my answer is that one there
is lot of hype around I I saw the
previous person greatest oil reserves at
300 billion barrels. That is wrong.
Those are paper barrels. uh in somewhere
2008 or so when the oil prices touch 150
near dollars per barrel the Venezuelan
then president uh just increased the
numbers because a lot of the heavy oil
this oil is twice as heavy as the normal
Middle Eastern barrels. So at that very
high price they proved that this we have
lot more oil at the current prices these
are paper reserves and probably the
reserves are probably less than or near
100 million barrels. So that's one point
and the second point is that this oil is
so heavy to produce and the number of
refineries in the US and elsewhere is
declining. Who wants this kind of an
oil? Uh we already know Saudi Arabia in
the recent times canled a 1 million
barrels per day heavy crude oil project
Safania. So this is not the oil what the
world needs in future as we go where we
need less gasoline, less diesel. So I
guess a lot of hot talk, lot of I guess
uh you know uh wrong analysis happening
and that's I wanted to just call out.
>> Okay. Well, that's that's that's why we
we got you on to help us understand the
nuance. It's almost like me saying I I
should have been the Olympic gold medal
sprinter if only I trained u every day
of my life since I was born. But but but
but help help me understand this then.
So in the meantime though, so the
Venezuelans have stepped back as far as
supply is concerned and really that
filled that gap, the group that's filled
that gap are some of the heavy oil
producers out of Canada. Do I look at
that group as potentially if all goes to
plan as perhaps the potential losers
here, the Canadians?
>> Uh good question again, David. I think
you gave a very good analogy. I think
that that you did a better job than me.
Now in terms of Canada, there are no
tariffs and since these hot discussions
have taken place between Canada and US.
Canada has only lost about half a
million barrels of oil and that barrel
of oil has gone to China. There is
probably a limit to what China will buy
more because China has already bought a
huge amount of Iranian heavy barrels.
China has already bought huge amount of
Venezuelan barrels. So China is kind of
the vacuum cleaner of the oil markets
for quite some time and oil bank for
these sanctioned countries. So there is
there won't be a very significant
appetite for Canada. So I would say in
short term Canada is probably not a
winner but what Canada is probably doing
is the right thing creating some
optionality so that they just don't
depend on the US. But overall I believe
the heavy oil producers are not going to
be the winners. The winners will be in
the Middle Eastern mediums barrels.
I see. Um you mentioned about China. I
mean so do you see any sort of impact
this takeover by the US on big oil
buyers like China then?
>> No impact is my answer and my answer is
simple. Um everybody in China prepared
very well for this scenario. uh from the
middle of 2024 as as I mentioned China
has China was buying around 100 KBD uh
thousand barrels per day China jacked it
up now the January arrivals are at 900
and there is huge amount of floating oil
veneal oil also around China so I would
say China is well stocked up on these
kind of heavy barrels so no impact on
China is my answer
>> final question for you then how Is this
since it it seems the conversations
keeps going back to the Middle East,
might this affect how the other big oil
producers um decide how they turn on or
turn off supply?
>> So I think uh the number of amount of
barrels we are talking about which
Venezuela was exporting to China is
about 900. In my view, the entire uh
this situation is only a US China
conflict is nothing to do with pro
possibly the reserves in Venezuela and
then you rightly point out then the
OPEC. So if we lose some of these
barrels in the market uh then OPEC does
have some opportunity and OPEC has
opportunity simply because of the right
quality of the barrels they hold. Even
the US shale which is a lighter barrel
and getting lighter is also not the
right quality. So I would say more than
the volumes for the OPEC player the
quality is on their side and that's
where they will continue to calibrate.
And one more point very important point
which often gets missed is that uh
Middle Eastern OPEC players are not just
crude producers. They are build big
refineries. They are big product
producers. They pump a lot of oil
products to the market. So when they cut
crude oil, they bump products. When they
want to bring the crude, they cut the
products. Perfect system of calibration.
And that is one big reason why we don't
see oil prices go very volatile in these
geopolitical times because OPEC runs
with two pedals of crude and product.
And it it does a good job at it.
M
>> well real quickly you you wrote a report
recently about the China's oil market
influence and you call it market chess
that 2025
>> uh China changed oil markets in a very
significant way.
>> Can you explain a little bit more about
and what what does that mean for 2026
for China?
>> So let me talk give you a 2026 view
first and then I'll go and explain the
25. The 2026 picture is that uh China
has probably planned a lot better in
terms of stocking the barrels. China is
also doing a significant shift in their
refinery portfolio. China used to make
almost 38% diesel yield but China has
reduced that diesel lead to about 27%.
uh China is converting a lot of the
diesel into NAFTA and why so because
China used to buy a lot of the
prochemical feed stocks from the US and
with the tariffs that got affected. So
China is updating reoptimizing its
entire refining portfolio in I would say
a way which people are not uh fully
accounting for and that is giving China
the strength and that's what China did
in the recent sort of the years. So 2026
means China is changing the technology.
China is optimizing the refinary
footprint portfolio and China I would
say is also uh focusing a lot more on
the joint ventures with the Middle
Eastern players. So they have the
security of supply. So I would say China
in my view is very strong, very well
prepared ahead of everybody probably in
the world in terms of managing the oil
markets and they are the reasons why the
the oil prices neither tanks neither
probably goes very high. So China is
some ways giving some stability to the
oil markets
and that will continue.
>> Great to have you. Thanks for the time
and the insights there. Mukesh Sadv
there founder CEO and chief oil analyst
at X and an analyst there. Meanwhile,
[clears throat] President Trump says he
has big plans for Venezuela's oil
industry and its vast reserves.
Bloomberg Originals has been taking a
look at Trump's possible goals for the
country's oil resources.
>> The US has carried out a series of air
strikes in Venezuela, capturing
President Nicholas Maduro and his wife.
>> President Donald Trump has said his
threats against Venezuela, the US
military buildup in the region, and the
destruction of civilian boats are about
alleged drug trafficking.
But there's another issue Trump has been
talking about.
>> The oil business in Venezuela has been a
bust, a total bust [music]
for a long period of time. We're going
to have our very large United States oil
companies, the biggest anywhere in the
world, go in, spend billions of dollars,
fix the badly broken infrastructure, the
oil infrastructure,
and start making money [music]
for the country. Venezuela on paper has
more than 300 billion barrels of oil or
roughly 17% of the world's known oil
reserves. Most of those reserves are in
this vast deposit known as the Oronokco
oil belt. [music] But there's even more
potential underground.
>> The US Geological Survey estimates that
Venezuela has more than 1 trillion
barrels of oil in place in the Orinoco
belt. To put it in perspective, the
world until today has consumed about 1.5
trillion. The chances are they are going
to outlast the world's demand for oil.
So effectively, they are limitless at
this point.
>> And there already is a US oil company
that's been operating in the country for
decades.
>> Chevron produces about 25% of
Venezuela's oil today. Is the largest
investor in the oil industry and in the
country.
We are going to run the country until
such time [music] as a proper transition
can take place
>> and you can watch more uh of the
Bloomberg Originals reports on the
terminal and also on Bloomberg.com.
Right. Uh just ahead here on the China
[music] show, former PLA senior colonel
Joe B will be joining us to help us
understand motives and how this is
perhaps [music] being viewed in Beijing.
This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> checking movers here this morning. Yes,
we we talked about oil, but [music]
really it's about the metal space,
right? When you talk about aluminum
reaching 2022 highs, you're seeing that
in some of these aluminum stocks here as
well. Chico's up close to 5%. Uh we talk
about gold, silver, copper are still
holding at near records here right now.
Uh so certainly that's going to be the
key sort of question there. Can these
gains sort of sustain for the rest of
the year? Chip stocks also in focus just
given this whole AI trade has gotten a
little [music] bit more of a revival
here today. You are seeing the likes of
SMIC up some 5% on shore. So certainly
AI catching a bid here, massive bid
[music] this morning. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
The United States has an unparalleled
military capability to conduct military
[music] operations anywhere around the
world of the most sensitive type. Uh
that said, we are beyond that military
phase right now. And now we're going to
get perhaps to the less dangerous part,
but certainly the not the less difficult
part, which is we apparently have
declared sovereignty over the state of
Venezuela. [music]
And now as we have seen uh in American
adventures in the past uh we will be
going into the nation rebuilding phase
which is far far more difficult. What I
[music] think is meant here is that the
US will continue to exercise influence
over the decisions that are made in
Venezuela but that there won't be some
kind of provisional government [music]
between the United States uh and
Venezuela. And if the United States
doesn't see the kinds of decisions
[music] out of Karakus that it wants to
see, it will not hesitate to take action
much like the one that it [music] took
against Nicholas Maduro. So that plus
the quarantine is I think what what the
administration [music] believes gives
them the leverage to try to move things
in a pro- US direction. What President
Trump is saying here [music] is there's
an illegitimate leader in Nicholas
Maduro. The US acted appropriately for
our security interests and in
put push for the rule of law and I think
it sends a powerful deterrent signal to
international state regimes like the
Chinese, the Russians, the North
Koreans, [music] the Iranians that the
United States will not tolerate trying
to trample that international order.
Some of our guests there this morning
reacting to the US capture of Nicholas
Maduro and since that point in time,
Venezuela's allies and others in fact
around the world have condemned the
attack, the US attack and arrest of the
president and his wife. Uh Beijing says
it is deeply shocked by the use of force
against a sovereign state. Minman, our
China correspondent is here to help us
understand more the Chinese reaction.
Yeah, we know that China always holds
very dearly to this principle of
non-intervention in the internal affairs
of a foreign country and this strike
from the US really goes against that
principle, right? And so, China has
expressed its opposition to that. It's
called for the US to keep Madura and his
wife safe and to uh release them. Also
asking the US to halt any attempt to
overthrow the Venezuelan government. And
of course they are shocked because just
a few hours before those strikes there
was a Chinese delegation meeting with
President Madura and they have been
building up and cultivating those ties
for decades right and China has a lot of
investments in Venuea is the biggest
creditor um pumping in about $60 billion
in oilbacked loans to fund
infrastructure investment and
development projects and of course it is
one of the biggest buyer there and we
know that President Trump has said yes
he will keep the oil flowing to China
but And that leaves China in a position
where they have to depend on what the US
does. And it sort of upsets the balance
of China's energy security even if
Venezuela still represents a quite a
small sliver perhaps about just mid-s
single digit in terms of the proportion
of China's total oil imports.
>> And in terms of social media, I think
this this Venezuela story would quickly
became something that was trending on
way as well. And many were quick to put
parallels or at least maybe consequ or
you know implications for Taiwan too.
>> Yeah. because it really sends the
message that the US is able to do
whatever it wants in South America, what
it views as its backyard. Then what does
that mean for Beijing, right? Does it
give China then the permission to also
take a more assertive stance on Taiwan,
which China views as its own territory?
Um, and so many people are discussing
that on social media. You can see this
quote on that we can put up for you. One
person saying, I suggest using the same
method to reclaim Taiwan in the future.
uh and you know uh there's a lot of
discussion here but some analysts are
saying that at the same time you know
Chinese military may not be so cap
capable as to carry out an attack on
Taiwan and to extract Linka alive some
are saying that an assassination attempt
might be something that is more feasible
for them but there are many different
options for China now we know they have
been doing all these live fire drills
they have been putting diplomatic
pressure to isolate Taiwan and this may
not necessarily change their calculus
very much um given that they have other
options and they do have a long timeline
for this as well.
>> M thank you our China correspondent Mim
Lo there. Let's bring in Joe B CISS Chin
Hua University senior fellow. He's also
a former senior colonel in the Chinese
army. Uh Joe Ba thank you so much for
the time. It it seems like the US
strategy is that the Americas is within
the West's spheres of influence in which
the US is asserting its right to closely
monitor developments in the continent
there and and try to counter at least
outside quote unquote uh powers there
from getting involved. What does China
think of this approach and do you
believe in it?
Well, I think apparently you are right
because United States is trying to
consolidate its severe influence in
Western Hemisphere. Severe influence is
a dirty word. But some countries do
believe in it. Uh but I think as far as
China is concerned, of course, China
would say this is a a violation of
another country's sovereignty as all
other countries would would do. It is
noticeable that this time even America's
European allies
are reluctant to support uh the United
States because this is really a a
violation of sovereignty a core concept
enshrined in the treaty of West Falia.
Yeah. In the 17th century. So China's
attitude is no different although
China's voice is louder. I think what
matters is that uh okay what kind of
cost or long-term cost would the United
States pay for this kind of you know uh
behaviors because a powerful country
normally is generous. Yeah. Uh and is
kind to other nations but uh for the
stronger nation on earth to behave like
this I think this is not show of stress.
This this is our obvious show of
America's decline.
>> Uh Jo then just to maybe follow on that
it's
I mean c certainly there are questions
around the the method at which the US
approached this and I think it's
certainly not the first time we've seen
it. I mean you look back at recent
history. Uh what seems to be clear
though in terms of the intention, let's
talk about the intention because perhaps
that's where we might get a little bit
more response, not just from China, is
that there it seems like Donald Trump
specifically and his his his White House
seem to be more assertive in trying to
sway their backyard into aligning with
them. Um how do you think China might
respond if at all to this perhaps more
refreshed assertiveness in that part of
the world?
Well, I don't believe there is a direct
conflict of interest, you know, between
China and the United States in the
Western Hemisphere because basically
China's involvement is economic in
nature. For example, nowadays in
Beijing, what have been, you know, loads
of of cherries coming from Chile and who
can oppose to China buying cherries from
Chile, right? So we're not doing uh
anything massive uh in terms of military
involvement in western hemisphere. So I
I don't believe it's a big issue. Well,
they can try the best to consolidate you
know western hemisphere but that really
is old concept nowadays in a globalized
the world. So this this uh you know
image this kind of action would
certainly be negative and that's all
about it.
The message from the Trump
administration seems to be that
countries don't get too close to China.
Do do you think Trump's actions in
Venezuela will actually push countries
in Latam in the global south closer to
China or push it farther away?
>> They will definitely put the countries
closer to China. Yeah. You know what the
people seem to agree is that now the
world has entered into a post American
order multi- polarization period. So if
the United States you know is behaving
like this then people the first reaction
is a kind of a disappointment. Yeah. And
then of course people would look for
another force that can actually become
kind of a stabilizer or anchor in the
world. I think China really fails in
into this vacuum. Yeah. Because if
people have no trust of the United
States, then they have to look around to
to look for anchor and I believe more
and more country would just support
Yeah. China to be the anchor. Look at
the international poll. I believe even
in Southeast Asia the the poll is clear
that more countries are actually in
favor of of China. Well, that is obvious
because of Gaza, right? and see what US
is doing now. Well, you don't need need
to have any doubts about international
opinion poll for example from now on
until next year.
Joe B, you know, as as as you say that
actually it's quite quite timely because
we've also been covering the visit of
the South Korean president. He's he
arrived in Beijing yesterday. In fact,
in the last few minutes separately, CCTV
is reporting that President Xi Jinping
uh is is meeting or meets the Irish uh
prime minister. Does this do you think
in any way is the best course of action
what I'm trying to ask is to do nothing.
Um how does this affect if any China's
foreign policy priorities this year?
>> Well, you see this is a sudden attack.
It should has nothing to do with with
with China. But but what I said is my
general conclusion. Yeah. So I think
things are happening although in a a
slow and steady way. Yeah. So people uh
would realize the international order
has changed. So they would look for
something else. And right now it's very
important for China to actually
demonstrate that it is
uh great power with a greater yeah
responsibilities because China nowadays
is very big indeed. China cannot hide
behind a tree because you are even
taller than the tree. So I think now
it's a good chance Yeah. for people to
come to Beijing to listen to what China
says. And I believe China will say the
right things.
>> Yeah. Joel, I think what you're trying
this is a good opportunity for China to
portray itself as a sort of rules-based
order, right? Does that mean that China
in some ways will try to uphold that
sort of image versus maybe putting or
making more bolder steps towards South
China Sea or even Taiwan?
>> Well, thank you for the good question
because you mentioned the international
order. You see the accusition on China
is that China is not obeying the
international order. That is wrong
because for me it's as simple as that.
It's very difficult for me to think what
kind of international treaties or
convention China has not joined. Yeah,
it's very difficult for me to to to
think of any thing like that. But on the
other hand is the United States is
clearly valid international order. So uh
I think when China talks about
international order, yeah, it is talking
about all the rules that we have made.
Yeah. And all the rules that we should
follow. China does not have any specific
ideas about how it should you know
follow this order. The orders are just
orders. So I think China's
responsibility now during this time of
turbulence is first of all to behave
like an anchor. The second thing China
should do is to prove that is indeed a
peacemaker. Yeah. Because if the world
is becoming more volatile definitely
there are more opportunities for China
to portray itself as a you know
peacemaker and China is doing that.
Yeah. Uh so sometimes China Chinese
approaches are just like offering people
Chinese medicine. Yeah. Some people have
some doubts whether these Chinese
medicine would really work or not. But I
I believe there is no you know doubt
about China sincerity because China is
involved in the immediating yeah between
Saudi Arabia and Iran and China has
tried successfully to mediate among the
different faction of Palestinians and
and China of course is also trying uh to
to to mediate in the war in Ukraine
which is more difficult but I believe
China really has a role perhaps after
ceasefire or armsties in the war in
Ukraine because then people would ask
okay who is going to guarantee the
ceasefire or armistice and then China
probably can do two things one is is
that if peacekeeping is needed China
can't take the lead because Russia would
not trust any countries coming from NATO
countries but another is probably to
provide any uh you know uh security
guarantee if that is needed so there are
there are simply too many things waiting
I need to do
>> this coming I have to say against a
backdrop of one of a very big military
drills that we saw in Taiwan from China
just a few days ago. Joe Boy. So I I I
want to ask you this this whole takeover
by the US on Venezuela. Does that in any
way change Beijing's calculus when it
comes to Taiwan?
>> Well, certainly militarily speaking,
American strike on the Venezuela is a
very good example of military success,
right? But uh the Taiwan situation is
different and I believe
politically speaking as is already
mentioned by spokesman from Ministry of
Defense each provocation coming from
Taiwan will invite yeah greater pressure
yeah on the Taiwanese authorities until
yeah we reach reunification. So so this
space actually is is [clears throat]
uh is becoming smaller. Yeah, so long as
they continue to provoke the China. So
militarily speaking, I believe since the
PLA is getting stronger, you are seeing
the the better coordination of all
services. Yeah. And I believe in the
future this kind of things will just
continue. People talk about the status
quo in Taiwan street. I would argue
there is no status quo that is static.
Yeah. With each provocation and with
each response from the PLA, the status
quo would be changed irreversibly. Yeah.
Towards the favor of the Chinese
mainland.
>> Yeah. Jo, you know, the the fact I want
to use your analogy. It's a good one.
The fact that you can't China can't hide
behind a tree because it's taller than a
tree. a lot of these things that are
happening across the world and I think
you also mentioned that what's happened
in Venezuela over the weekend almost
well directly does not have anything to
do with China indirectly even you could
argue that too a lot of these things are
viewed because of this multi-power world
now because you do have these two
superpowers and commentators are viewing
these things against that prism rightly
or or wrongly this is the most important
relationship in the world between the US
and China do you think it's all systems
goes still as far as the progress
between what we have seen last year this
trade data do you think we'll still see
those meetings between the two
presidents this year in the US and also
in China is there anything specific you
think we should know about what this
what 2026 will hold for that
relationship
>> well you see David you're asking a a
very big question first of all I do not
believe that we're going to have a code
war yeah in the future because during
the real cold war that happened yeah in
last century every day people were
preparing for a hot war. So so people
only signed with a relief after after
you know the dissolution of the Soviet
Union to say okay what happened was but
a cold war. So that means when we look
into the future we don't know what lies
ahead whether it's really a cold war or
it could be a hot war but generally
speaking with China getting stronger
with China having no intention of
exporting it as you know ideologies. So
I believe this kind of a competition
between China and the US should be more
manageable than that between the two
superpowers during the cold war. So I'm
sort of more optimistic and I believe it
would be a relationship of competition
as the United States said. Why? Because
even if China insists this has to be one
of cooperation, it's impossible because
it's a stronger one who can define this
relationship and the United States is
still stronger than China. So it is one
of competition but from time to time I
believe they would be dumped. Yeah.
because this whole relationship would
not be so you know volatile uh as
compared uh to that between the two
superpowers during the cold war. I think
it is manageable but it certainly means
that we have more work to do. Donald
Trump is good in that he is not
ideological right is transa
transactional and China didn't find out
until uh Trump's tariff war that we also
have our lethal weapons. So this this
kind of relationship could be balanced.
>> Jo, thank you so much for your time.
CISS Chinua University senior fellow and
former China People's Liberation Army
senior colonel. Our coverage of
Venezuela continues on today's edition
of Inside Has. We'll be speaking [music]
with guests from Chatten House,
Southwestern Law School, and SVB Energy.
Plus, we got the view from Beijing with
the Center for [music] China and
Globalization. Victor Gao from there
joins us there. This is Boomer.
Now, President Trump has dismissed the
idea of working with Venezuelan
opposition leader Maria Karina Machado
on the nation's political transition.
Now instead, the US plans to work with
Vice President Telsey Rodriguez, II in
command of captured President Maduro.
Now Machado spoke exclusively with
Bloomberg last October, just weeks after
being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. She
discussed her support for US
intervention in a peaceful transition of
power.
>> These deaths are the responsibility of
Nicolas Maduro. he knows and the rest of
the drug cartels that is in power in
Venezuela that that should stop these
activities
uh in order to prevent more more deaths
not only of the Venezuelan people but
also from people all around the country
and look this is very important we we
don't want war it was Maduro who started
this war it was a war against the
Venezuelan people putting in place state
terrorism as the UN and and the uh
international interamerican commission
on human's right have declared this is
state terrorism towards our people and
this is narco terrorism towards the
international community and the US in
particular
>> but I don't understand how you see the
deaths of those individuals many of them
believed to be Venezuelan who were on
those boats when they were struck by the
US in mostly in the Caribbean and a few
in the Pacific. You are someone who
stands for people's rights, for the
rights of Venezuelans, for their
democratic rights, for their human
rights.
What about the rights to due process of
the people who are on those boats?
>> I certainly defend the rights of
everyone, not only Venezuelans. That's
my why my voice has been, you know, loud
all along this process. But you need to
understand all the international
community need to understand that this
is a very cruel war. It was Maduro who
turned this into an international
conflict. Look when you when you face
when you face when you face are those
expendable on the boats.
>> It was Maduro who insisted
on maintaining operation that have
consequences.
It is Maduro that started a war against
other countries knowing that that would
have consequences.
I am talking about this process is about
saving lives, millions of lives. That's
what we need to do. I mean we have been
uh for years explaining the degree of
crimes against humanity that take place
in Venezuela and that need to be
stopped.
And you can listen to that full
conversation between Michelle Hussein
and the Venezuelan opposition leader by
searching the Michelle Hussein show
wherever you get your podcasts. Of
course, you can rewatch that [music]
interview via our interactive TV
function, TV go, as well. You can also
become part of the conversation by
sending us instant messages. [music]
Check it out at TV go.
[music]
Right. [music] Uh precious metals even
more precious as you can see here. So
the bid continues. The fact that we are
in a new year doesn't change that. Uh
you might perhaps have a another reason
why we're we're seeing gold and precious
metals catch a bit. The equity complex
[music] is reacting to that. Quo is a
separate story but separate story to
gold but it's the same story really. But
in this specific case, of course, the AI
models gaining [music] popularity
overseas. It is one of the, if not the
best performing uh large cap here in
Hong Kong. We're 12%. Um, yeah, so
that's a story we'll continue to track.
But suffice to say, apart from that,
there is a Venezuela [music]
story that will continue to obviously
cover, but apart from that, you know,
markets are really leaning more in favor
of the tech and AI play with the EM
complex now at a record costby [music]
3% and used futures don't seem to be
bothered at all.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, we'll see how Wall
Street wakes [music] up here. Of course,
the first kind of trading week, full
trading week that we've seen here for
2026. Still looking pretty good. Stay
with us.
>> [music]